Changes in Version 1.4-1

  o A new 'summaryStrata' function has been added, enabling to get structured information regarding 
  the strata produced by the 'optimizeStrata2' function (operating on only continuous stratification variables)

  o Fixed a bug in the optimization step for continuous variables

Changes in Version 1.4

o A new function 'optimizeStrata2' is available. This function performs the same task 
  than 'optimizeStrata', but with a different Genetic Algorithm, operating on real values 
  genome, instead of an integer one. 
  This pemits to operate directly on the boundaries of the strata, instead of aggregating 
  the initial atomic strata. 
  In some situations (limited size of sampling frame) this new function is much more efficient. 
  The limitation is in the nature of the stratification variables, that are required to be 
  all continuous (though categorical ordinal could be handled). 

  o A new function 'expected_CV' has been added to calculate CV's  on target 
  variables in different domains that may be expected from a given solution, output 
  of the 'optimizeStrata' execution
  
  o Fixed a bug in the optimization step when considering also take-all strata



Changes in Version 1.3

  o The optimization of population frame is run in parallel if different
  domains are considered. To this end, the parameter 'parallel' can be set
  to TRUE in the 'optimizeStrata' function. If not specified, n-1 of total
  available cores are used OR if number of domains < (n-1) cores, then
  number of cores equal to number of domains are used.

  o A new function 'KmeansSolution' produces an initial solution using the
  kmeans algorithm by clustering atomic strata considering the values of 
  the means of target variables in them.
  Also, if the parameter 'nstrata' is not indicated, the optimal number of
  clusters is determined inside each domain, and the overall solution is
  obtained by concatenating optimal clusters obtained in domains. By
  indicating this solution as a suggestion to the 
  optimization step, this may greatly speed the convergence to the optimal
  solution.

  o A new function 'selectSampleSystematic' has been added. It allows to
  select a stratified sample with the systematic method, that is a selection
  that begins selecting the first unit by an initial randomly chosen
  starting point, and proceeding in selecting other units by adding an
  interval that is the inverse of the sampling rate in the stratum. This
  selection method can be useful if associated to a particular ordering of
  the selection frame, where the ordering variable(s) can be considered as
  additional stratum variable(s). 
  
  o It is now possible to handle "anticipated variance" by introducing a
  model linking a proxy variable whose values are available for all units in
  the sampling frame, with the target variable whose values are not
  available. In this implementation only linear model can be chosen. When
  calling the 'buildStrataDF' function, a dataframe is given, containing
  three parameters (beta, sigma2 and gamma) for each couple target / proxy.
  On the basis of these parameters, means and   standard deviations in
  sampling strata are calculated accordingly to given formulas.


Changes in Version 1.2

  o The crossover function in the genetic algorithm has been modified by
  considering the "grouping" version of this algorithm: instead of mixing
  chromosomes in an indifferentiate way, groups of them in one parent
  (representing already aggregated strata) are attributed to the other
  parent when generating a child, preserving their composition. Moreover,
  parents are selected with a probability proportional to their fitness (in
  previous version selection was completely at random). In many cases this
  can greatly speed the convergence to an optimal solution.

  o A new function 'adjustSize' has been added. It allows to adjust the
  sample size and related allocation in strata on the basis of an 
  externally indicated overall sample size. The adjustment of the sample
  size is perfomed by increasing or decreasing it proportionally in each
  optimized stratum.
  
  o A new function 'buildFrameDF' has been added. It allows to create a
  'sampling frame' dataframe by indicating the dataset in which the
  information on all the units are contained, the identifier, the X
  variables, the Y variable and the variable that indicates the domains 
  of interest.
  
  o In function 'optimizeStrata' now the 'initialStrata' parameter is a
  vector, whose length is equal to the number of strata in the different
  domains.
  
  o All outputs are written to an .\output subdirectory. 
  
Changes in Version 1.1

  o Function 'memoise' from the same package (now required) is applied
  before each evaluation in order to save processing time. This may largely
  increase the efficiency of the algorithm
  
  o A 'recode' function is applied on every generated solution in order to
  recode a genotype of n genes with k<=n  distinct alleles 1, 2, ..., k in
  such a way that the distinct alleles of the recoded genotype appear in
  the natural order 1, 2, ..., k.  This avoids to consider as distinct two
  solutions that are equivalent but make use of a different coding



Changes in Version 1.0-4

  o Bug fix for old releases

Changes in Version 1.0-3

  o Modified the output to the console or to the file of results: instead
  of all the solutions, only the optimal value for each generation is
  visualised
  
  o Now the visualisation of the trend in the optimal and mean values is
  optional: the plot can be avoided by setting showPlot = FALSE when
  calling optimizeStrata. It can be advisable when the number of iterations
  is very high
  

Changes in Version 1.0-2

  o Bug fix for old releases.


Changes in Version 1.0-1

  o Bug fix for old releases.

  o The object returned by function "optimizeStrata" is no more a dataframe
  but a list:
	* the first element of the list is the solution vector (solution$indices)
	* the second element of the list is the dataframe containing aggregated
	strata (solution$aggr_strata)

  o In all the functions that previously produced .csv files and .pdf plots
  in the working directory, as a default this is no more the current
  behaviour. To write these files, it is now necessary to set the 
  "writeFiles" flag to TRUE


Changes in Version 1.0

  o Bug fix for old releases.

  o Two new functions:
    * "evalSolution", to evaluate the found solution in terms of expected
    target variables precision and bias obtainable by samples drawn from
    the otpimized frame;
    * "tuneParameters", to determine the best combination of values to
    assign to the parameters necessary for the execution of the genetic
    algorithm used for the optimization of the frame stratification.

  o A demonstration on the use of  the "tuneParameters" function is in the
  vignette "tuneParameters.pdf" contained in the \inst\doc folder.

 